there's one dance that has a man you
should be able to do I don't care what
color you are a man you should be able
to do this dance and that's this dance
right here I don't care what color look
and the reason I say you should be able
to do this is because it's to be
something you should be doing on a
natural every day you should be all
attend all the time see all of them all
right so look don't do it yet I'm gonna
give you a little look this is this is
all I see
so we all do it together not yet but
this one goes we're gonna go in there
like this as you're doing it I want you
to get low I want you to just get low on
my cue when I say break it down I just
want you to slap that but look why are
you slapping that ass you got to make a
face like you got to be like oh you got
to make that face you got it so on my
cue break it down I want you to get
along as you're gonna get along you know
why people are so technical now when
exactly do I come with this motion
ranking
No oh my cute when I say break it down
Oh hit the move
Oh